com/example/audio_sine_wave/ScopeFactory.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.ScopeFactory
com/example/audio_sine_wave/ScopeAttributesDisplay.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.ScopeAttributesDisplay
com/example/audio_sine_wave/CameraScopeSectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.CameraScopeSectionsPagerAdapter
com/example/audio_sine_wave/audio_sine_wave.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.audio_sine_wave
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.audio_sine_wave$1
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.audio_sine_wave$2
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.audio_sine_wave$3
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.audio_sine_wave$4
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.audio_sine_wave$5
com/example/audio_sine_wave/LineArrayPlot.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.LineArrayPlot
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.LineArrayPlot$1
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.LineArrayPlot$2
com/example/audio_sine_wave/TimeScope.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.TimeScope
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.TimeScope$1
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.TimeScope$2
com/example/audio_sine_wave/ScopeHelper.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.ScopeHelper
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/ScopeAttributeParser.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.ScopeAttributeParser
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.ScopeAttributeParser$1
com/example/audio_sine_wave/SimScope.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.SimScope
com/example/audio_sine_wave/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.BuildConfig
com/example/audio_sine_wave/OnFragmentInteractionListener.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/audio_sine_wave/AppFragment.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.AppFragment
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.AppFragment$1
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.AppFragment$2
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.AppFragment$3
com/example/audio_sine_wave/StemArrayPlot.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.StemArrayPlot
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.StemArrayPlot$1
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/CameraScopeLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.CameraScopeLayoutBinding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/ScopeAttribute.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.ScopeAttribute
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/FragmentAppBinding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.FragmentAppBinding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/FragmentLogBinding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.FragmentLogBinding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/CameraScopeFragment.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.CameraScopeFragment
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/AutoGeneratedWidgetsBinding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.AutoGeneratedWidgetsBinding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/databinding/Chart1Binding.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.databinding.Chart1Binding
com/example/audio_sine_wave/InfoFragment.java
 com.example.audio_sine_wave.InfoFragment
