com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/CameraScopeLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.CameraScopeLayoutBinding
com/example/sample_model_2/SimScope.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.SimScope
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/FragmentInfoBinding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.FragmentInfoBinding
com/example/sample_model_2/ScopeAttributeParser.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.ScopeAttributeParser
 com.example.sample_model_2.ScopeAttributeParser$1
com/example/sample_model_2/AppFragment.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.AppFragment
 com.example.sample_model_2.AppFragment$1
 com.example.sample_model_2.AppFragment$2
 com.example.sample_model_2.AppFragment$3
com/example/sample_model_2/ScopeAttribute.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.ScopeAttribute
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/Chart2Binding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.Chart2Binding
com/example/sample_model_2/CameraScopeFragment.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.CameraScopeFragment
com/example/sample_model_2/sample_model_2.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.sample_model_2
 com.example.sample_model_2.sample_model_2$1
 com.example.sample_model_2.sample_model_2$2
 com.example.sample_model_2.sample_model_2$3
 com.example.sample_model_2.sample_model_2$4
 com.example.sample_model_2.sample_model_2$5
com/example/sample_model_2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.BuildConfig
com/example/sample_model_2/OnFragmentInteractionListener.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.OnFragmentInteractionListener
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/Chart3Binding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.Chart3Binding
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/sample_model_2/CameraScopeSectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.CameraScopeSectionsPagerAdapter
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/FragmentLogBinding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.FragmentLogBinding
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/AutoGeneratedWidgetsBinding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.AutoGeneratedWidgetsBinding
com/example/sample_model_2/ScopeHelper.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.ScopeHelper
com/example/sample_model_2/InfoFragment.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.InfoFragment
com/example/sample_model_2/ScopeAttributesDisplay.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.ScopeAttributesDisplay
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/Chart1Binding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.Chart1Binding
com/example/sample_model_2/LineArrayPlot.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.LineArrayPlot
 com.example.sample_model_2.LineArrayPlot$1
 com.example.sample_model_2.LineArrayPlot$2
com/example/sample_model_2/databinding/FragmentAppBinding.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.databinding.FragmentAppBinding
com/example/sample_model_2/TimeScope.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.TimeScope
 com.example.sample_model_2.TimeScope$1
 com.example.sample_model_2.TimeScope$2
com/example/sample_model_2/StemArrayPlot.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.StemArrayPlot
 com.example.sample_model_2.StemArrayPlot$1
com/example/sample_model_2/ScopeFactory.java
 com.example.sample_model_2.ScopeFactory
